# MULTITASK MANAGER
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/pYzh4RIN1C4
#### Description: Hello and welcome to my project! In it, I made a multitask manager being able to organize users with: (1). their financial balance: users can specify their income and expenses throught the day, in order to keep track of how much money are they left for the rest of the month. The goal is purely administrative basically. Income is supposed to represent your main source of money, like your job's and expenses represent any gain or lose of money, like groceries, services, gifts, etc. There's a form to add income, another one to add an expense with a small description, type (add/retract) and amount, and yet another form to clear all expenses without modifying the existing balance. (2). their todo list: users can also keep track of their tasks to keep orginized, adding a title, a description and a deadline (purely aesthetical, no reminder functionallity). You can also remove tasks one by one or even clear all tasks. (3). their fitness: users can specify their height and weight and get their bmi, their adviced weight and their ideal water consumption per day. You can also, once height and weight have been set, modify your weight to display your new results. Apart from what the user might use it for, I also could add the work I made with the index, where users can see their sum up information about all of the other pages. Also my work with the register, login and logout functionalities, taking into consideration any user's ill purposes. And to finish up, you can change passwords filling out your old password, your new one and its confirmation. As for my idea behind this project, I just based myself on how so many apps througout the world have spreaded functionality, Instagram uploads mainly photos, YouTube videos, Twitch streaming... and so on. My idea was just having one spot merging many functions all in one. Of course, my project does not offer much, but it is the concept more than my project itself. I also found my inspiration in how chaotic a frequent balance calculation and keeping track with all changes can be, even more so in the adult life. Knowing how much savings we end up doing at the end of the month to get a notion on what we can afford or not can be a lifesaver for example for couples with children. Same idea behind my to do list, but this time with important job meetings, appointments, chores, etc. And finally, for fitness, to promote healthy activity exercices to unplug from work and not forget about taking care of ourselves, giving info back to the user about their BMI, adviced weight and water consumption, making users aware of their wellbeing